.TH MFE 1 "March 2025" "Version 1.0" "Monster File Editor Manual"
.SH NAME
mfe \- Monster File Editor for Angband monster files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B python3 mfe.py

The program is a command-line tool that helps users edit the attributes of any monster they choose. 
The user needs to provide the path to the `monster.txt` file and the path to the `gamedata` directory. 
After that, the program guides the user through modifying monster attributes interactively.

.SH DESCRIPTION
Monster File Editor (MFE) is a command-line tool designed to assist users in editing attributes of monsters 
from the popular game Angband.

The program (`mfe.py`) works by:
- Loading the `monster.txt` file using the `MonsterParser` class.
- Loading additional game data from the `gamedata` directory using the `GameDataLoader` class.
- Providing an interactive prompt via `MonsterEditor` to allow users to edit attributes such as:
    - Color
    - Health
    - Speed
    - And more.

All changes are saved back to `monster.txt`.

The tool simplifies monster customization and ensures correct formatting and saving of the monster file.

.SH OPTIONS
This program does not take any command-line options other than:
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
Displays a brief usage message and exits (this can be added in future versions).

.SH EXAMPLES
To run the program:
.EX
$ python3 mfe.py
.EE

You will be prompted to enter:
- Path to `monster.txt`
- Path to `gamedata` directory
- Name of the monster to edit

Once you follow the prompts, the program will guide you through editing the monster's attributes interactively.

.SH FILES
- monster.txt: Main file where monster data is stored.
- gamedata/: Folder containing necessary game data files.

.SH AUTHOR
Team 20: Sierra Napieralski, Hannah Lengacher, Akhil Kashyap, Bryan Akin, Nileet Savale